Or-pattern syntax (amends #522) (#585)
ghc-proposals/ghc-proposals: proposals/0522-or-patterns.rst

> Or Patterns (Amended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or Patterns
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure if the meta data needs to be changed like that. Perhaps the committee will know what to do here?

Reviewer 2: Usually not needed. We can mention the amending in the line with the acceptance date

We consider this as an extension to `Haskell 2010 grammar
<https://www.haskell.org/onlinereport/haskell2010/haskellch10.html#x17-18000010.5>`_.
The relevant non-terminal is ``pat``: ::

   pat    →    lpat qconop pat
          |    lpat

Or patterns extension adds one more production: ::

          |    one of { pat1 ; ... ; patk }                (Or pattern, k ≥ 0)

``one`` is a conditional keyword in patterns, but can still be used for variable patterns.

> Similar to ``case of``, ``of`` introduces a layout block and implicitly adds opening and closing curly braces when not explicitly given. Therefore, both of these are equivalent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As stated in the Haskell report and for consistency with ``case of``, ``of`` introduces a layout block and implicitly adds opening and closing curly braces when not explicitly given. Therefore, both of these are equivalent:
```

Semantics of Pattern Matching
<https://www.haskell.org/onlinereport/haskell2010/haskellch3.html#x8-600003.17.2>`_:

- Matching the pattern ``one of {p1; ... ; pk}`` against the value ``v`` is the result of matching ``v`` against ``p1`` if it is not a failure, or the result of
  matching ``(one of {p2; ... ; pk}`` against ``v`` otherwise. We require that ``p1``, …, ``pk`` bind no variables.

> - Matching the pattern ``one of {}`` against the value ``v`` fails after evaluating ``v``.

Reviewer 3: This is surprising. Why is this pattern strict?
